---
slug: w4
title: Week 4
authors: richards
tags: [weeks]
---

This week brings us another university snow cancellation. I have decided to cancel class on Tuesday, Feb 28. This will require us to make some adjustments to the schedule. These changes will be available on the [schedule](pathname:///docs/information/schedule) page as soon as they are finalized. These changes will include an adjustment to the lectures dates and the due dates for the impacted assignments.

At the moment, the following due dates are unchanged:

- Exercise 5 Decoder Web Page is due on Tuesday, Feb 28 at 11:59pm.
- Homework 2 is due on Tuesday, Mar 7 at 11:59pm.

The proposed changes to the schedule are as follows:

- [Lecture 07 DOM Events](pathname:///docs/lectures/dom-events) will be moved to Thursday, Mar 2.
- All lectures will be moved forward by a Tu/Th.
- [Ex6 Interactive Decoder](pathname:///docs/exercises/interactive-decoder) will have its due date set to Tuesday, Mar 7 at 11:59pm.
- [Hw3 Rack & Render](pathname:///docs/homework/rack-and-render) will retain its current release date of Tuesday, Mar 7 and continue to be due on Tuesday, Mar 28 at 11:59pm.

If you have any questions or concerns about these changes, please let us know on Piazza. **Do not email us directly.**

This week also brings the release of [Pr2: Idea](pathname:///docs/project/idea). This is the second project assignment where you will work with your team to develop a project idea. Read the documentation for more details. The due date for this assignment is Tuesday, Mar 7 at 11:59pm. We will be finalizing the teams in the team sign up sheet soon. You should communicate with your team members to begin coordinating on this assignment.

:::tip

Make sure you update your calendar with the due dates for any assignments posted in the [schedule](pathname:///docs/information/schedule). You are responsible for managing your own schedule and meeting all deadlines. Please read the [course policies](pathname:///docs/information/syllabus/#assignment-submission) for more information on how late assignments will be handled.

:::
